REDME- Q3

All the analysis and coding is in:
Project1-Group9\Uber-Weather-Project\project-1-Q3.ipynb

All the images are generated with: Q3-NAME of the Graph.jpg

All the images generated by this jupyter notebook are stored at: 
Project1-Group9\Uber-Weather-Project\Images

Analysis and Conclusion for Q3

According to the P-value analysis using an alpha limit of 0.05, there is a significant difference between the number of holiday pickups and regular days. This result could be due to the number of holidays in the calendar during the first semester of 2015. We counted 58 holidays, including weekends, in six months. 
However, the analysis of average pickups on holidays and regular days during the six months is quite similar, as shown on the graph "Monthly pickups count over 6 months." Both increase as time passes, with a slight decrease between March and April, possibly due to the spring break vacations. However, the number of pickups increased as the weather became warmer. 

A more focused analysis through the daily pickup change reinforces the idea of similar patterns. However, it took our attention one peak on the third weekend of May, followed by a high decrement of pickups next weekend. This behavior may be due to the long weekend of Memorial Day. Something similar happened one weekend before the 4th of July, which is an essential date for the USA. 

Regarding geospatial analysis,  we calculate the percentage of pickups in each borough during the six months. Manhattan is the borough with the most activity, taking 72.71% of the total pickups in NYC.

In the focused analysis by borough, pickups on EWR are predominant on weekdays. This behavior means that airport pickup is more likely on weekdays. The other boroughs are between ~34% on holidays and ~65% on weekdays. 

Finally, we can see a predominant pickup rate on holiday late hours using the heatmap visualization. Meanwhile, on weekdays, some boroughs have a nonhomogenous distribution between peak and late hours. 
